Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Keanu Reeves!
And you all know
George Lucas. isn't it?
But I would love to return home.
Come on. the show is
only a few weeks away.
You can do.
Can I at least have my cell phone?
George. you will call
for help. Don't I know?
Oh. and there. wow. the most
important figures in the exhibition.
Without them there
would be no Hollywood.
-James and Henry...
-Who?
Are you serious?
James and Henry.
Minions.
-I know the minions. but I've never seen them...
-James and Henry.
Yeah. I've never heard of them.
So am I.
But this is crazy.
James and Henry are legends and
They changed Hollywood forever.
They changed the
world. not just Hollywood.
And his story is epic.
What are you talking about?
Do you know what?
The plan has changed.
Everyone sit down.
Now. all of you. come and sit down.
Tommy. you two. glasses and
Mr. Johnson. And you too. Bubble Girl.
As you know. over time
dozens of Minion tribes have
roamed our planet. searching
for the perfect villain to serve.
And there was a very special child among them.
That's O James right there.
He loved drawing and
painting. but most of all.
He loved making up stories
and sharing them with his friends.
Hey Alberto. look at the book.
But the rest of his tribe was
only interested in one thing.
To serve the worst master they could find.
And this man met all the criteria.
Is it scary?
LIKE THAT..
Is it strong?
Super bad?
Twice LIKE THAT...
It was perfect. it was number 10
To show their master how much they cared.
the Minions did everything for him.
But James went one
step further and his master
He wanted to create
something truly great for you.
Start. start. start!
Listening. correcting. translating into Turkish.
synchronizing as much as possible;
ufukbaba
Minions that day
From Cyclops Island
He was banished and everyone was angry with James.
OK. not all of them.
Another Minion found this hilarious.
And it was Henry.
They were inseparable.
It didn't matter where they
went or who they worked
for. they were best friends
and there for each other.
The next master was promising. He was very
powerful and most importantly. like a devil.
And his book. oh my God.
There were some evil spells in it.
Monster.
Oh. oh. oh.
Give them lovers.
give friends.
Super sweet...
Walk. walk. walk!
The minions had once
again lost a master.
On the bright side. James and
Henry's friendships grew even stronger.
Even if it makes some of
the other Minions unhappy.
This is Ed. by the way.
He is a friendly and
somewhat tough Minion.
They then found a way to
communicate with each other.
And so the Minions moved
from one boss to the next.
And there were a lot of them.
Friends?
But after a while. they could not
find any more bad masters to serve.
They wandered around for a
long time. tired and hopeless.
And the bossy Minion
over there. He's Dick.
He gave orders to everyone to
prepare the camp for the night.
Dick. who was now chattering
and laughing incessantly. looked at
Henry and James from the others.
He ordered them to sleep far away.
It wasn't a problem for
them. because then they
could stay up all night
discussing the meaning of life.
The universe. his hopes. his dreams.
Ahh poor thing!
Oh la la!
Malpeli!
Wow. James!
Oh. and there's Dicks over
there. but under the umbrella.
Microphone. Microphone. Microphone..
Hey. oh!
Hey Henry. what's up?
Casaco?
Let Casaco take my gift..
Come on..Get up.
Ah..That friend.
That friend..
And with that Dick
lost his temper again...
And he said everything on
his mind about the two friends.
Henry thought long and hard about Dick's
comments... and decided to punch him.
But luckily Ed intervened; Tell your friend to calm down. take
a deep breath and... He motioned for her to calm down and..
He punched Dick himself.
This seemed to be the breaking point.
But then Dick saw something that
would change the Minions' lives forever.
BIG BOSS!
To the train!
Any idea what you're doing?
Of course I played the boss and the
driver. Chicans and everything. everything!
It was a perfect scene. so much
effort. so much money. so much effort!
Get out of here!
You. you. you. you.
you. you. you. and you!
I?
Definitely you!
Outside!
We are starting again!
Hey boss. the movie's over.
This isn't going to go well.
Tell that talentless bum; If he
interferes again. he'll be fired!
Then send her a bottle of champagne.
Because today is your birthday!
Ah. there he is. our favorite director!
Hello Mr. Bright. Mr. Bright.
Yes. yes. yes.
Okay. let's see what you shot.
Now all the scenes.
We are so excited to see you.
Come on. play!
As you know. Mr Bright.
We had a little problem.
Is there a problem?
This is a puzzle that only
the French have to solve.
Problems cost money.
Oh. this scene is so scary.
You will never work in this city again.
But we're sure it will do just
fine in many other cities. too.
Please play the
scene and thank you.
Here we go.
What's going on?
I know. that's what
I was trying to say.
What are these things?
-Oh. they. oh...
-The whole scene has changed!
But I didn't!
Guys. wow. I did it!
He's a genius!
What?
You see. this is great!
More than amazing.
I love it!
Those sick kids!
Oh. they are wonderful!
They have to be in
every scene of the movie.
Oh yes!
OK. definitely!
I will call my very good friends.
What are these called?
Let's put them in the movie!
Sam?
Elwood?
Is there any harm in stealing?
Alright!
Oh. that's the thing. Frankie!
Oh yes it is. Elwood.
Get them!
Get 'em. guys!
Faster. faster!
We must find them!
Where are they?
Get out of my way!
Walk...Walk...
Take the next right!
They might be at sunset!
Hey. hey!
Don't let them escape!
Ok!
Guys. I've been looking for
you everywhere. jump. jump.
Everything is in order.
Who are you?
My name is Henry.
I?
And my name is Dick.
Oh. and this is Ed.
Ah... And me again!
And me again!
Is there a name I can call everyone?
Minions! Look Minions. my name is Max.
Hello Max!
Yes hello!
Okay. what happened before
I'm really sorry about that.
So. I'd like to work with you.
We should make a movie!
Movie?
What are movies?
Don't you know? Movies are
stories that unfold in front of you.
And people love them.
And people them They
love those who do it.
Pride Brothers
Welcome to Filmmaking!
Where we make all kinds of movies!
Hello George!
This is great!
Exciting. right?
Oh James. I love your enthusiasm!
What about you guys?
Would you like to make a movie too?
Settle in and let's get to work!
So I want you to move
through a very simple scene.
You stay here. I'll be back!
OK. listen!
Here's the scene.
See those big.
heavily armed men?
They suspect you killed their
leader and they want you dead!
Okay. I really need
you to sell the scene!
If you do good work. you will be hired.
If you fail. you return to the streets.
searching for food in the garbage.
Have fun with this job!
OK. are you ready?
Action!
Attack!!!
Back off!
Gentlemen. forward!
Okay. that was...perfect!
Are you ready to become a star?
And the biggest ever seen in
the world I'm talking about stars.
The world has never
been a better place!
The economy is growing. There
are no signs of slowing down!
People have never been happier And
the future has never looked brighter!
Meanwhile in Hollywood. The new stars of the silver screen conquered
the world with the storm they created. and the face of cinema changed.
With movies like The Good. the Bad and the
Dumb. look behind you and then look down!
And they came from the stars to bring down to you a
frying pan and a spaceship; They targeted Miami Beach!
Minions have become
the kings of the box office
and it seems the public He can't get enough of them!
We spent weeks
with these super mini
wonders; Now let's reveal
some of its secrets to you!
Our children moved to a luxury house.
A large and comfortable game room
to Battery Hills where you can enjoy; It
also has a huge and comfortable sauna!
Their lives have changed
since Bane arrived. Them!
They can't go anywhere
without being recognized!
Ha ha!
Run. children. run!
In Tinseltown. looks
are everything; Minions
are always the most is after the most trendy looks!
And not only that!
Minions merchandise now available!
What's next after this?
And oh my God; Hollywood has
never seen the kind
of parties they throw!
Yes. Minions are on top of the world!
They really have it all!
James. my boy. you have
a real talent for cinema!
Thank you!
Yes. you have what it
takes to be a director!
One in your future It
might even be an Oscar!
Oscar?
What is that?
Ah. this is an award for the
best. To movies and filmmakers!
Ah!
And the Oscar goes to
the best movie in history.
James!
Thank you!
Are you okay buddy?
Ah!
Wait. what's going on?
What's this?
Let me tell you what happened!
This is the future of cinema!
Everyone does this. Max!
Our movies now...
It will be "loud"!
That's what I just
said. It was the voice!
I have a very good feeling about this!
Silence everyone!
Are you ready Henry?
This will be great!
OK. we're recording!
And action!
You walked out of
my life five years ago
and now you think you can just come back?
No!
No. I say!
Get lost. you handsome bastard!
Oh Henry!
My mother warned me about men like you!
Mmmm. body!
Piñata!
Carbonara!
Lasagna!
What?
Are you with us. sergeant?
We need you!
What are we going to do?
Yes. sergeant?
Can I have a cup
of coffee. please?
Some milk.
Two candies.
Thank you.
Damn it!
This is a disaster!
We lost millions!
Do you know who I blame?
Them!
Unfortunately yes.
Get out of here!
Bob. we wish you good luck
in your new endeavor and still
We hope we can stay
friends who never talk.
And have a wonderful life away from us.
Oscar?
James. you'll never win an Oscar!
You're done!
You are fired!
Goodbye Eric.
Farewell. farewell. farewell.
See you. Quentin.
Goodbye Max.
Goodbye Esteban.
Tschüss!
Hello Frederick.
Goodbye Max.
Dick.
Max.
Henry. James. good luck my friends.
Don't worry. friends.
This is just a minor setback.
Thank you.
You'll be fine. James.
You will do great things.
Hey James!
Goodbye Max.
No. no. no!
From where?
Why did you do this?
Well done. Dick. well done.
No!
Hey Victor. good night.
Good evening. Victor.
Hi Mitch. good evening.
Good evening. Greg.
Good night. Jorge.
Good evening. Steven.
Good night. Bruno.
Good evening. Julian.
Thomas. good night.
Good evening. James.
Sunday?
Eureka!
Model!
There is a story!
Trust the minions!
Ask Patagon!
It's our time!
Padance!
Maca!
It's our time!
Just like ours!
James made history!
And he turns it into movies!
Cinema?
Stupid idea!
But James' story is amazing!
Minion movies. not Maca!
Big boss sucks!
And harshness!
And at dawn. James!
And come!
And... Big Boss!
Sorry Greg!
Whole intestines?
Yes!
Your movies!
You're acting like a boss!
What a beautiful line!
Big Boss!
Parade!
This is not a movie!
And at night!
Real...
James. I loved your movie!
Yes. this is a real It's
clearly a passion project.
And you must do it no matter what.
Even if difficulties come your way.
Recommendation?
So where do I start?
So...
Do you have film equipment?
No.
Oh. there's no film equipment.
What about the team?
There is no team either.
And you wrote a monster movie?
A very big monster?
So what will you
use for your monster?
Ah.
Aha.
Ok.
Listen to me carefully.
I have a lot to tell you.
very important.
So if you want to make
a Fantasy cool monster
you will need a movie
Fantastic cool monster.
I'm afraid I can't really
help you with this.
But I can give you this.
Camera?
It was a gift from my father.
My first camera.
Now I give it to you.
I believe in you. James.
I know you'll do a great job.
And remember. a monster movie.
It needs a great monster.
Oh. honey. come here.
Good luck guys.
Ah.
Oh.
I'm happy you're happy.
Do you mind if I
continue the story now?
Sorry. I get a little emotional sometimes.
Yes. please continue.
What about Dick and the other minions?
Did they find a new boss?
Oh yeah. I was getting to this point too.
Dick and his friends. every minion.
to fulfill one's duty;
so for their tribe
They were about to find the
greatest and most evil master to serve.
Go to events and listen.
What's going on?
I am a fool and I
was sent here by the
great High Ruler to
judge this poor planet.
Big boss?
But first a fool must
find loyal assistants.
Hey you. with that cool spaceship.
Do you want to serve Dork?
OK. let's go home.
You can do these
things with your mother.
Oh yes and...
Guys. look at this winner.
Thank you.
You are very kind.
You and your friends. Helping Dork on a
potentially dangerous mission Do they want?
Hey. I think the weird robot
in the suit is talking to us.
It's a disguise I can
assure you it is not.
You know. dressing like a
tin can can be dangerous here.
I wish I had a tin can If only it
were as solid as this. that's it.
You were preparing
for hostility I feel like.
Please stop.
Really?
Or what?
Why you...
Now you've done it.
Dork had a simple mission:
decide whether to invade Earth.
Then you went after Dork and
left Facial recognition sensors.
Dork has made his decision
regarding the fate of this planet.
Dork will invade Earth
and enslave humanity.
Hey. hey. excuse
me. Greetings.
I'm Dork..
Hello Dork..
I'm Dick.
No. no. no. Dick.
Ok.
Would you like to help Dork
on a dangerous mission?
Yes!
Great!
Dork to his secret lair
Follow up!
Okay. bad automatic tipac. Leonid.
Henry?
Yes. yes.
Ed?
Come on!
Miso soup!
Yaki unigiri!
Luka edamame!
Shizuki nanenomu!
Daifuku!
Luca!
I am at your service forever!
What are you doing there sir?
Henry?
It was coming fast!
Buah. no for your
movie though. Jaime.
Buah. buah. come on.
Oh no.
I feel like I've let
you down somehow.
I am really sad.
Can I help you?
Do you want big. scary monsters?
Come here. come here!
Oh. you need
monsters for your movie!
I know the perfect
monster for you..
By the way. I'm Ichabod. Magma the Deceiver.
But my friends call
me Goomy for short.
Oh. I'm James.
Ahh James..
A name as beautiful as roses.
This is Henry
Henry!
Oh. I like it.
It sounds rough and ready.
It's like. oh. pay attention.
Here he comes... Henry!
This is Ed...
Ed...
Ahh man it's going to
be so much fun. come on.
Please wipe your feet before you
step into the filth of Dort's house.
Tamarale?
Dooortt ?
Where have you been?
Oh.
Mrs.
Kolikoff Yes. I'm so sorry.
Dort had an important business meeting.
But I come with good news.
Look what I found on my way back.
Those muffins you love.
I just like the ones with blueberries.
Yes. you are lucky.
-And just one glass of them -MILK?
Enjoy your fruit-filled
baked goods.
Oh. how sweet.
sweet. lovely woman.
Excuse me.
I am sad.
Mistake.
Everyone. Dort's
Roommate Say hello to Floyd.
Hello Floyd.
Hey Dort. is that you?
Whoa. whoa. shut up. minion...
This is definitely a layer.
No. look here.
Pink.
No. Floyd.
Yes. yes Floyd.
Caprisci. Macedonian.
Ha ha ha. you stupid and naive servant.
Actually. an
apartment You are in a
futuristic spaceship
made to look like a saucer.
Very realistic. isn't it?
There is even a strange smell.
These are all numbers...
Impressive. I know.
-But but -But nothing.
No. Dort needs to
retire and go private. he'll
save a quarter to go
back to his home planet.
Join me in enslaving my own slavery...
Hello. hello.
Okay. okay. calm down. calm down.
Hey guys. check this out.
Bubble. bubble. bubble. bubble.
Hello friends.
Jump. wobble.
James. you are so passionate.
I think you're a genius.
Thank you.
Hey?
Ha ha. wow!
Look. here's our destination.
Attention. attention.
minions and followers.
Dort finally gives the orders of the Almighty
He received it from the Supreme Ruler.
Now it's officially
time to invade Earth.
Ah. ah. yes. ah. sorry. sorry.
With me.
Dort. Dort. Dort. Dort. Dort.
Hello little friend.
To your castle of four sands
He didn't mean any harm.
Hey. please stop
hitting it with the shovel.
Stop immediately.
Otherwise you pay the price.
Be careful. be careful. friends.
Let's see if we can resist a similar attack.
What will you do? Attack. little rebel.
Hey. you in the robot suit...
No. you can't kick that kid.
He needs to be taught a lesson.
Moreover. he started it.
You're not from
around here. are you?
No.
I'm originally from the planet Metlar.
Near the G45T system.
I don't know where it is.
But I'm from small-town
Minnesota. so I understand
the feeling of being an
outsider in the big city.
So now he's free to kick
Are you saying I am?
No. you can't.
Anyway. I must continue.
My friends and I are going to
a protest for women's rights.
Do you think men
and women are equal?
Yes. of course.
-Oh. nice.
And now they're both the same
They belong to the Supreme Ruler.
You are so funny and sweet.
So. what you said...
What you say is nice.
-Pardon?
-Come on Debbie. we're going to be late.
Did you say Dort was... uh?
Yes. Women's Suffrage
Don't kick the kids!
Ahhh....
Boss?
Minions slightly delay
the invasion of World Four
You heard me!
Follow Dort!
Women's Suffrage
Ha. ha. ha. ha. right?
The entrance is at the front!
Wait until you know
the best about me!
Watch your steps!
You will love these gentlemen.
We take them and then
We're going to Hollywood!
Hollywood. yes sir.
To make your movie!
Here they are...
Howard and Philips
Don't be a coward.
They are very good kids.
Just try not to
look too delicious.
Hello Goby!
Thanks for the jailbreak!
Ha ha ha!
Alright!
Where were we?
Howard and Phillips. destroy the world!
Yes!
But wait. I'm sorry.
Quick question.
I want to eat one of these funny
yellow kids first. Is it possible?
We will not destroy the world. And
we're not eating anyone in this room.
Got it?
Not exactly.
It's our job to destroy things.
Not anymore. Phillips.
No. it's all over.
We are not bad anymore.
We work in the film industry.
No world destruction.
funny looking Don't
eat the yellow men.
Let's help James make
his dreams come true.
Hey?
Ooooooo!
Ok!
Ha ha ha!
Wink. wink!
I understand!
OK. we're in!
They existed!
Let's go to Hollywood!
Howard is having a very strange day.
Monster!
Yes!
So they make the movies here?
Have you seen?
Have you heard of this?
This is where it all happens!
Oh. oh. oh. look!
This is great!
Oh James. with your unintelligible words
You painted such a wonderful picture...
Your movie will be amazing.
Isn't it so. friends?
No!
Who cares about the movie?
-Eating and chasing people...
-I want to crush them.
Definitely!
Howard got it!
What?
Ah ha ha ha!
OK. one minute please.
Shall you and you talk?
We will be back immediately.
Well.
Ok.
Toby...What are we doing here?
In the good old days. From planet to
planet. you were destroying everything in sight.
Do you want to make a movie now?
You've changed. my friend.
I agree with Howard!
Children. children. where is the trust?
Of course we will destroy everything.
When these cameras start
recording. Let's call Irene.
Irene?
Yes. Irene. she is
the devourer of worlds.
We will take our revenge. but we
will destroy everything on the planet.
Let's destroy it!
Howard. stop!
Destroy?
Oh. hey. hey Henry. man!
James!
Henry?
Hide!
Hide quickly!
Henry?
Hello James.
No. there is no Henry here.
Ah. just us monsters. you know.
We were talking about a friend of ours.
He would look great in your movie!
This is Irene.
Imagine that the movie
begins with the creation of Irene.
The coolest monster of all time.
being released into the world!
Oh. I promise you James. You've
never seen a monster like him!
OK. goodbye!
Bye!
Me and Henry were chatting.
-Henry?
-Yes. yes Henry.
He said he was sorry for behaving
like that. and also. you know. there's
something missing in that scene where
Irene arrives. He stated that he thought it was.
Is it outside of us?
Yes. yes. yes. definitely.
But Henry has a solution.
What if the monster eats a
sacrifice when it first appears?
I say this so the audience
knows he's serious.
And even better. Henry
volunteered to play the first victim...
Oh man. he looks excited!
Ooo.
James. Jim. Jimmy. Jimmy. are
they ready to shoot your first movie?
In this scene. me too
Do you mind if I come?
This is your project.
I don't want to crush you.
No problem!
Luviosa!
Sound!
And Smoka!
Minions and Monsters!
Scene One!
The world is living its last moment.
The monsters are back...
Josephus!
Zlatan!
Carbonite!
Hello Dr. Egg!
Mercury!
Zulubiri!
Canonel!
Maciato!
You are very beautiful!
Very big!
So orange!
-Very much -Cool...
Now feed Irene.
Enjoy the humble feast and
continue on your way into the world.
Stop? I won't stop!
I guess I was just
waiting for this moment...
Irene will crush
everyone and everything...
Listening. correcting. translating into Turkish.
synchronizing as much as possible;
ufukbaba
It was so much fun...
What a perfect day it has been.
Thank you very much.
Oh. oh no!
No. no. no!
Thank you!
I really like you. Dort.
You're not like other men I know.
Hmm. so Dort's goal is to
avoid appearing vulnerable?
Are you saying you don't have
to suppress emotions to avoid it?
Yes. but with you. I feel
respected and listened to.
Oh. Debbie!
Four.
Oh my heaven!
Look at this thing!
He's no match for
my robot boyfriend.
Go!
Get it done baby!
Oh yes yes but this thing is huge!
Me. okay.
Four?
Four!
Friends!
Milly. get Harry. Dort!
Vito. help Henry!
Don't you dare lock me in there!
Yes really!
The world was saved by him.
Everything was bright in the world.
And get this. Ed never
stopped making movies!
And so after months of
hard work and with the
help of all his friends James realized his dream.
He was finished now.
He finally shot his movie.
Let me say this; Watching
the movie... There really
was nothing better than
playing to a hall full of people.
And the night was getting
more and more beautiful.
A beautiful moment that none of
them could have done. never forget
They had done this.
The Minions had succeeded
in the face of adversity.
Although it took a long time and
was not always easy. they prevailed.
As a group.
As a tribe.
Like friends.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm